The Theory: 
Forcing Everybody to be "dual-employed", meaning spending 50% of a month at one employer,
and 50% at another, when fully employed, would have positive Effects on the Economy.

Reasons why this might Work:

1.
People working at two companies at the same time massivly increases Information throughput.
For this to work, a employer must have very limited recourse over who a Employee works for as well.
Enforced by either making it illegal to even Know/Ask who the " Employer 2" currently is, and when it is more 
normalized reducing it, so only making decisions based on it is illegal. 
The Goal is for every Employee to be a kind of Corporate Spy,
who may work for the competition. 

Things to prove:
    - high Information Economies are advantageous.
    - Ensuring Employers stick to the system is feasible.

2.
People working two slightly differing Jobs increase their Experience faster.
Cross-Domain Knowledge would increase massivly.
"Super-Combinations" are possible,where a person job 1 highly synergizes with job 2
e.g. where a person who works at Microsoft, and with a Company integrating Microsoft products.

Things to prove:
    - Experience gained in differing Enviroments is higher value.
    - Conflicts of Interest are kept in check.

3.
Employee-Employer Relations would shift in Favor of Employee. 
The threat of firing is much lower, a employee can play both employers against each other.
The Employer has more reason to keep Employees happy, since Employee Effort will not be spend evenly.

Things to prove:
    - Investing in Employees is still worth it.
    
4.
A lower "Standard Unit" of 0.5 Employee instead of 1 Employee leads to higher Utilisations:

Things to prove:
    - This is not possible Today

5. 
Increased Risk protection on Employee-Level.

Things to prove:
    2 "0.5"-Jobs are less risky than a full job.

Other:
    - Find Edge cases.
    - Additional Overhead


--- 2026-04-14 — Setup ---
Added Tomorrows Blog Subject as preview and test of Report System.

--- 2026-04-15 — Structure ---
Expanded on Pro-Reasons, layed out Structure of argument.